This file describe format used by "make_priv_sig.idc" and "apply_priv_sig.idc"
scripts. They can be used to create signatures for functions named by user
with long enough body to match them with high enough accuracy. Qualified
functions are also searched for unambiguous "from cross references" and when
they are named, those names are also saved.

Signature file format was created to be hand modifable when necessery.

Each line of file consist of colon (:) separated strings. First string encodes
meaning of rest of them:

line_format:param_0:param_1:...:param_N

Following line formats are supported:


	VERSION DESCRIPTION

Version information. This entry must be always present and be first in file.

line_format:			'v'
param 0:			version (currently 1)
param 1:			flags (currently none)
param 2:			optional comment

example:

	v:1::This must be first entry in file.


	FUNCTION SIGNATURES

Function signatures. Those line must be placed before 'd' & 'c' line types as
they referenced this one. At least each signature must be before any reference
to it. Function must be in format suppored by IDA. Signature contain hex
encoded bytes from beginning of the function. Each pair of hex digits are
equivalent of one byte. If hex pair is replaced by two underscores (__) analog
byte is skipped and not matched.

line_format:			'f'
param 0:			function name
param 1:			hex encoded signature
param 2:			optional comment


exmaple:
	f:strlen:53B8__002EF607FF7404__43EBF65BC3:No comment...


	DATA XREFS

Data cross referenced from funtions with matched signatures. When match
function, and it contain references to named data, we can remember offset of
this reference within function, and set name also to it.

line_format:			'd'
param 0:			orgin function name ('f' line)
param 1:			offset within function of xref
param 2:			name of xref
param 3:			optional comment

example:
	d:atexit:15:__exit_func:


	CALL XREFS

Same as above, but for call and jump cross references.

line_format:			'c'
param 0:			orgin function name ('f' line)
param 1:			offset within function of xref
param 2:			name of xref
param 3:			optional comment

example:
	c:strncpy:23:memcpy:This comment isn't get or set from IDA database.



TODO:
	Call cross references can be recursed. But this requires on "make" to
remember already saved names from all passes to not do an infinite loop. Also
recursion level must be save, as 'earlier' names must be applied in "restore"
before 'late' ones.
